term for imaginary friend Bert he's an
old one and put on Technical College in
there me for Burger King it has cartoon
already a little ball in there let's get
the set I wash ashore here's the bunny
there's the bunny and we forgot his name
while missing watches I know I guess we
get caught up yes snippet and you put it
together and no one else does a video
with my son you two before if I'm the
first person but you snow turn it around
you I don't know Spurs yeah well when I
look you think I don't want to say let's
go on his head no we got the directions
he has stickers for that huh
oh yeah let's put the stickers off to
make your own imaginary friend anything
it goes on his head I think this does go
on his head no it doesn't say it does it
oh yeah just go on ice half right yeah
it's fancy feet Merryman yeah that's
nice let's see turn around throw for the
stickers on them so your post with the
eye on will do that later will do imma
show it on the video it's easier for the
eye on yeah I'm I'm mustache mustache
my stash and then the smile
it's very easy um they put that on like
that and then you put it on his head
like that okay let's see okay bye-bye
what do you want write this what do you
want like that okay what do you want to
write this and the other one to get to
again clucks all mine in your hand right
there okay we'll just show them and I'll
Boyd is name I don't know any of these
names I'd really some of them Coco what
doesn't he did say his name good goodbye
my fancy feet merriment merriment is the
name of the money and then you have him
just Coco and ma strongest home and whoa
go figure Mac there goes bouncing in and
the back says it's it's a membership to
BK club
we don't need to do oh I already had
yeah let's just show you one do nothing
Oh a ever cartel your eardrum is from
desert I know it is from 2005 if it
doesn't fit 2005 this show start 2004
and I write this another billion bye